hey guys gamer freak 2 point 0 here and
uh well we're coming at you with some
mods and well we're going to get right
into it to start off you need to put
iron 7 iron around believe once graph
the top and then do the border with
cobblestone and put the barrel in the
middle and you get a washing machine and
sorry about the bad Mike but um I'll see
you when okay there month and so you
have to have water next to the washing
machine for its work and as you can see
that i spawned and it threw up the wash
machine but you need soap to power it
and I figured out that blue soap which
I'll show you how to make it a second
it's better than yellow or red blue soap
you need um lapis azzolini put it over
one of the colored soap and then you
just put it in the bottom and you put
your armor that's damaged in the top now
I put that there and then watch this it
blows up which ruined everything is like
I wanted to show you one more thing and
stop ok now I'm sorry but like in my too
many items it wasn't like spot like I
didn't see the soap cuz I'm blind it was
right there in the second page i spawned
this in so I can just record the mod so
no hate please and again sorry about the
bad Mike I know here I'll chair scoot
closer um so basically I've made the I'm
about to make blue soap again cuz it
lasts a lot longer that realized i
didn't need to cuz okay you can take the
color out of wool so to say you didn't
want any more color in the wall
you could just take the color out make
it white so well guys that's it so see
you later